Following a nuclear holocaust, the world has
become a desert wasteland and civilization
has collapsed.
Max Rockatansky, a survivor, is captured by
the War Boys, the army of the tyrannical Immortan
Joe, and taken to Joe's Citadel.
Designated a universal blood donor, Max is
imprisoned and used as a "blood bag" for a
sick War Boy called Nux.
Meanwhile, Imperator Furiosa, one of Joe's
lieutenants, is sent in her armoured semi-truck,
the "War Rig", to collect gasoline.
When she drives off-route, Joe realizes that
his five wives—women selected for breeding—are
missing, and fleeing with her.
Joe leads his entire army in pursuit of Furiosa,
calling on the aid of nearby Gas Town and
the Bullet Farm.
Nux joins the pursuit with Max strapped to
his car to continue supplying blood.
A battle ensues between the War Rig and Joe's
forces.
Furiosa drives into a sand storm, evading
her pursuers, except Nux, who attempts to
sacrifice himself to destroy the Rig.
Max escapes and restrains Nux, but the car
is destroyed.
After the storm, Max finds Furiosa repairing
the Rig, accompanied by the wives: Capable,
Cheedo, Toast, the Dag and the Splendid Angharad,
who is heavily pregnant with Joe's child.
Max steals the Rig, but its kill switch disables
it.
Max reluctantly agrees to let Furiosa and
the wives accompany him; Nux climbs on the
Rig as it leaves and attempts to kill Furiosa,
but is overcome and thrown out, and is picked
up by Joe's army.
Furiosa drives through a biker gang-controlled
canyon to barter a deal for safe passage.
However, with Joe's forces pursuing, the gang
turns on her, forcing her and the group to
flee, while the bikers detonate the canyon
walls to block Joe.
Max and Furiosa fight pursuing bikers as Joe's
car, with Nux now on board, breaks through
the blockade and eventually attacks the War
Rig, allowing Nux to board.
However, as the Rig escapes, Angharad falls
off in an attempt to protect Max and is run
over by Joe's car, killing her and her child.
Furiosa explains to Max that they are escaping
to the "Green Place", an idyllic land she
remembers from her childhood.
Capable finds Nux hiding in the Rig, distraught
over his failure, and consoles him.
That night, the Rig gets stuck in the mud.
Furiosa and Max slow Joe's forces with mines,
but Joe's ally, the Bullet Farmer, continues
pursuing them.
Nux helps Max free the Rig while Furiosa shoots
and blinds the Bullet Farmer.
Max walks into the dark to confront the Bullet
Farmer and his men, returning with guns and
ammunition.They drive the War Rig overnight
through swampland and desert, coming across
a naked woman the next day.
Max suspects a trap, though Furiosa approaches
the woman and states her history and clan
affiliation.
The naked woman summons her clan, the Vuvalini,
who recognize Furiosa as one of their own
who was kidnapped as a child.
Furiosa is devastated to learn that the swampland
they passed was indeed the Green Place, now
uninhabitable.
The group then plans to ride motorbikes across
immense salt flats in the hope of finding
a new home.
Max chooses to stay behind, but after seeing
visions of a child he failed to save, he convinces
them to return to the undefended Citadel,
which has ample water and greenery that Joe
keeps for himself, and trap Joe and his army
in the bikers' canyon.
The group heads back to the Citadel, but they
are attacked en route by Joe's forces, and
Furiosa is seriously wounded.
Joe positions his car in front of the War
Rig to slow it, while Max fights Joe's giant
son, Rictus Erectus.
Joe captures Toast, who manages to distract
him long enough for Furiosa to kill him.
Nux sacrifices himself by wrecking the Rig,
killing Rictus and blocking the canyon, allowing
Max, Furiosa, the wives, and the surviving
Vuvalini to escape in Joe's car, where Max
transfuses his blood to Furiosa, saving her
life.
At the Citadel, the impoverished citizens
react to Joe's death with joy.
Furiosa, the wives, and the Vuvalini are cheered
by the people and welcomed by the remaining
War Boys.
Max shares a respectful glance with Furiosa
before blending into the crowd and again departing
for parts unknown.